c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\obj\Debug\intercontinental missile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\obj\Debug\intercontinental_missile.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\obj\Debug\intercontinental missile.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\obj\Debug\intercontinental missile.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\intercontinental missile.exe.config
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\intercontinental missile.exe
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\intercontinental missile.pdb
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\KeystrokeAPI.dll
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\MegaApiClient.dll
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\MegaApiClient.xml
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\obj\Debug\intercontinental missile.exe
c:\users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\obj\Debug\intercontinental missile.pdb
C:\Users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\obj\Debug\intercontinental_missile.Settings.resources
C:\Users\marco\source\repos\intercontinental missile\intercontinental missile\bin\Debug\HotKeyAPI.dll
